Update development guide to contributing guide (#1513)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-php: CONTRIBUTING.md

While we have no rule to strictly follow said methods and patterns, they are highly recommended as an orientation for 
your pull requests and to be referenced in reviews.

We might add additional guidelines regarding for example testing in the future.

## Additional Information

### Proto Generation

Our protobuf files are committed to the repository into the `/proto` folder. These are used in gRPC connections to the
upstream. These get updated when the [opentelemetry-proto](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto)
repo has a meaningful update. The maintainer SIG is discussing a way to make this more automatic in the future.

To generate protobuf files for use with this repository, you can run the following command:

```bash
make protobuf
```

This will replace `proto/otel/Opentelemetry` and `proto/otel/GPBMetadata` with freshly generated code based on the
latest tag from `opentelemetry-proto`, which can then be committed.

### Semantic Conventions Generation

Autogenerated semantic convention files are committed to the repository in the `/src/SemConv` directory. These files are

> updated manually when a new version of [opentelemetry-specification](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification) is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updated manually when a new version of [semantic-conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions) is
```

Can we move "Proto Generation" and "Semantic Conventions Generation" further down (below deptrac)? Most contributors won't need these two commands.

Author: Oh missed that, done now

**Note: After cloning the repository, copy `.env.dist` to `.env`.** 

Skipping the step above would result in a "`The "PHP_USER" variable is not set. Defaulting to a blank string`" warning

We use `docker` and `docker compose` to perform a lot of our static analysis and testing. If you're planning to develop for this library, it'll help to install
[docker engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) and the [compose plugin](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).

Development tasks are generally run through a `Makefile`. Running `make` or `make help` will list available targets.

## Workflow

### Pull Requests

To propose changes to the codebase, you need
to [open a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request)
to the opentelemetry-php project.

After you open the pull request, the CI will run all the
associated [github actions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-php/actions/workflows/php.yml).

> To ensure your PR doesn't emit a failure with GitHub actions, it's recommended that you run important the CI tests
> locally with the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure your PR doesn't emit a failure with GitHub actions, it's recommended that you run the important CI tests locally with the following command:
```

Reading those books is highly recommended, however you can take a look at the examples given at [Clean Code PHP](https://github.com/jupeter/clean-code-php). 
While we have no rule to strictly follow said methods and patterns, they are highly recommended as an orientation for 
your pull requests and to be referenced in reviews.

We might add additional guidelines regarding for example testing in the future.

## Additional Information

### Proto Generation

Our protobuf files are committed to the repository into the `/proto` folder. These are used in gRPC connections to the
upstream. These get updated when the [opentelemetry-proto](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto)
repo has a meaningful update. The maintainer SIG is discussing a way to make this more automatic in the future.

To generate protobuf files for use with this repository, you can run the following command:

```bash
make protobuf
```

This will replace `proto/otel/Opentelemetry` and `proto/otel/GPBMetadata` with freshly generated code based on the
latest tag from `opentelemetry-proto`, which can then be committed.

### Semantic Conventions Generation

> Autogenerated semantic convention files are committed to the repository in the `/src/SemConv` directory. These files get
> updated when new version of [opentelemetry-specification](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification)
> released.

Reviewer 2: Not sure on this wording, but added a suggestion (added `manually` as it read to me like it would happen automatically). @brettmc any thoughts around this?

```suggestion
Autogenerated semantic convention files are committed to the repository in the `/src/SemConv` directory. These files are
updated manually when a new version of [opentelemetry-specification](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification) is
released.
```

Find more about emeritus roles in the [community repository](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/community-membership.md#emeritus-maintainerapprovertriager)

## Communication

Most of our communication is done on CNCF Slack in the channel [otel-php](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01NFPCV44V).

> To sign up, create a CNCF Slack account [here](http://slack.cncf.io/)

Reviewer 2: Has this been removed intentionally?

Author: oh, that wasn't intentional, added it back. Thank you
